Request cancellation (#172)
vtex-apps/return-app: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - New: Ability to cancel a request; this action refunds the items for creating a new return request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

Ability to cancel a request; this action allows the store use to create a return request with the same items.
```
